Fix note about cache limitations (#4084)
github/docs: content/actions/learn-github-actions/migrating-from-circleci-to-github-actions.md

</tr>
</table>

> {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} caching is only applicable for repositories hosted on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}.com. For more information, see "<a href="/actions/guides/caching-dependencies-to-speed-up-workflows" class="dotcom-only">Caching dependencies to speed up workflows</a>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} caching is only applicable for repositories hosted on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}. For more information, see "<a href="/actions/guides/caching-dependencies-to-speed-up-workflows" class="dotcom-only">Caching dependencies to speed up workflows</a>."
```
Thanks so much for following up with a PR @Maks3w! I think using this variable from `data/variables/product.yml` should render correctly. Let me know when you commit this suggestion and I'll get this merged ✨

Author: Done. I suspect some variable should exists but I think it was on the index were it was composed with the `.com` sufix

</tr>
</table>

> {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} caching is only applicable for repositories hosted on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}. For more information, see "<a href="/actions/guides/caching-dependencies-to-speed-up-workflows" class="dotcom-only">Caching dependencies to speed up workflows</a>."

Reviewer 2: [![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61610967/110074314-0eaf5180-7d92-11eb-8be7-a8bee5b36e85.jpeg)](https://github.com/github/docs/commit/2be566ca3e83cba9f3149f0a4fe28386a5a09885)

> {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} caching is only applicable for repositories hosted on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}. For more information, see "<a href="/actions/guides/caching-dependencies-to-speed-up-workflows" class="dotcom-only">Caching dependencies to speed up workflows</a>."

Reviewer 2: _i_
